basically we've come up to to kind of
honor the fallen firefighters from FDNY
there's 343 firefighters who passed away
nine years ago or eight years ago today
and we just decided we wanted a way to
try and remember them and honor them and
so we decided we were going to run some
stairs here at Plymouth Harbor one
slight free personal each wife either
lost their lives which is 343 we're
going to do another another flight for
one of our own fallen brothers that died
on that day a year prior so we're going
to be remembering him as well and so
that's 344 firefighters we want to
remember today it gave us an opportunity
to to express not only our appreciation
but our admiration for the firefighters
of Sarasota County the firefighters use
plymouth harbor and it's that 26-story
stairwell in their training several
times a week we've been doing this for a
number of years actually before
September 11th they've been gracious
enough all these years to allow us to do
it the residents welcomed us the
residents they say they'd like to see us
week we were talking about maybe coming
in through a back door and they said no
no we want you come in through the front
door the residents love to see you guys
here
the firefighter has been our campus on
our campus is is a normal event because
they use it as a training on campus if
you will by nature that is created that
some very fine interpersonal
relationships with our residents so many
of our residents view the firefighters
ass family it is not a great deal to us
because we know many men aid their lives
for us and we appreciate it so much and
we never want to forget them and we
never will forget them especially here
this is very special of course because
in the 911 historic moment which nobody
no American will ever forget and the
fact that we could play a small part of
it here because of the connection we
have I woke up this morning I was having
breakfast with my daughter and we were
talking about 911 and the significance
of it and and I told her I said you know
honey any any day could be that day we
don't know and I said you know eight
years ago today there was probably a
little girl having breakfast with her
dad before she got to go to school
thinking and maybe talking about these
same things so you just never know and
and you got to be prepared we always
have to be prepared for the worst-case
scenario and I think for and that's what
we're out here doing we're being
prepared
you